The two main affordable companies for picks are Southord and Sparrows. Southord is a bit lower end, and Sparrows is a bit higher end. Peterson is a very high end brand and unless you wanna throw down cash, there's knock off equivalents for Peterson products available at those other 2 sites.
 
You're prob gonna want to pick up a basic short or medium hook (prob short hook to start with)
Some people prefer the half diamond to the short hook. You could try to pick up one of those too
Peterson has something called a gem? I think. It's basically a hybrid of diamond and hook, but it's more expensive.
 
You prob also wanna pick up some kind of rake. The most commonly sold rake these days is city rake style, so it's like jut random ups and downs. I think more effective are snake looking rakes, often called Pagoda style. It's basically just mountains and valleys. I've found really good success with these, but if you're picking to increase your skill, raking isn't what you want to do, because it's luck based not skill based.
 
You definitely want to invest in a decent tension wrench, I picked up the S shaped one and the twist tension wrench from Southord. It comes down to preference. I find it easier to maintain precise tension on the non twist, but you can apply lighter tension on the twist. If you wanna throw down a bit of cash, there's a type of tensioner you use for top of the keyway (TOK), Peterson being the OG for this style. But Sparrows makes a knockoff of the top of keyway tensioner for a lot cheaper. (Peterson is 18 for 1 whereas Sparrows is 10 for 2.)
 
Starting off with locks, don't buy any practice type locks to be honest, as they will become more of a crutch than anything. f you absolutely want to buy a practice lock, buy the cutaway style. These are more prominent on ebay than amazon.
 
The easiest possible lock to pick is prob any basic Masterlock. Like #3, #5, #1, etc.
 
Moving up the difficulty slightly, any Kwikset type lock. You can pick up generic Kwiksets on ebay or craigslist etc for cheap. You prob wanna pick up deadbolts opposed to doorlocks, but it's about the same quality
 
Stepping up from Kwikset, you can move onto Schalge deadbolts. Check reddit for specific models, but pretty much any generic deadbolt. Again check craigslist or the like, then check ebay.
 
Raising the difficulty above this would be adding security pins, like spools. a good lock with spools to practice with is Masterlock 570 or Masterlock 410. With the 410 though, you can break it if you overturn after picking it, so be careful. (410 is a lot cheaper)
 
Abus also makes a few good models for spools. Check reddit for this. Most Abus padlocks are good to practice on
 
Stepping up the quality, there's some higher end Abus and American brand locks. Some of those have serrated pins, which are harder than spools.
 
 
 
Honestly, I wouldn't expect to get through more than Schlages without a considerable bit of effort.